Okay, now that we have our script ready, in this lecture, I'm going to show you how to compile it
to an executable and how to change its icon.
The script is written in a scripting language called Autoit.
Autoit is pre-installed in the custom Kali.
If you're not using the custom Kali, then you're going to have to manually install it from the link
in the resources of this lecture.
So Autoit should be already installed for you by now.
And now all we have to do is first rename this file and change the extension from a dot txt to a dot
o3.
Then we're going to go to all programs and look for compile.
So I'm going to type in compile in here.
And you'll see that I have the application that will compile auto with scripts for me.
So I'm going to click on that.
And this is very, very simple.
As you can see the first thing that it asks you for is the source Autoit script.
And that's the file that we made.
So I'm just going to click on browse and you'd have to navigate to downloads from here.
But I'm already in downloads.
So I'm just going to click on it and click on open.
You can also set where it's going to be stored, but I'm just going to keep it to be stored at the downloads.
And then you can see here you can actually change the icon and use a custom icon.
To do this, we'll have to first download an icon that represents our file.
Now if your file was a PDF, then you can just come in to this website which is called Icon Archive
and then download.
Just look for a PDF or MP3 and you'll see icons that represent these files.
However, in my case, I'm trying to use an image as the file that the person sees, and windows usually
shows a preview of the image.
It doesn't really show a specific icon for images.
So what I want to do is I want to convert the GT-R image to an icon.
And to do that, I'm just going to go to Google and just Google Image to ICO.
Now I've actually tried a few of them, and the best one that preserved the quality was this one hour
w designer.
So you can try different ones on your own time.
And what you want to do now is download the image that you want to make an icon of.
And in my case, I want the same image that the person will see, so I'm just going to save it.
and save it in the downloads.
That's fine.
And then in here we're going to go to browse to select it.
And we have the image here double click.
And then we're going to keep this to icon for Windows 7 or Vista.
That's fine.
And I'm just going to click on download.
This will convert it to an icon for me a dot ICO.
So I can just click on okay to save it.
And then I'm going to go back to my compiler and we're going to set the option in here the icon I'm
going to click on browse and select the icon that we just downloaded.
Now again in your case you might have to navigate to route from here and then go to downloads.
And then we have the icon in here, the one that we just created.
I'm going to click on open and that's it.
All the options are set.
So all we had to do for this is set the location for the script and then set the icon in here.
I'm going to click on convert.
And that has generated the file for me.
I'm going to click on okay.
And I'm just going to close everything.
Now you can see we have the executable in here.
So this is a dot exe.
And this one was the old script.
So when you're sending to the target you want to be sending the exe the executable here.
I'm just going to rename this to GT-R image.
And then I'm going to copy it.
And I'm going to put it in my web server at var ww HTML evil files.
Before downloading this at the target computer, you want to listen for incoming connections from Metasploit.
And I showed you how to do that before.
So right now I'm only going to do show options to show you the options that I've set.
And if you don't remember how to do this, then please go back to the listening for Incoming Connections
lecture.
As I explained all of this in details, for now, I'm only going to do exploit to wait for incoming
connections.
Now everything is ready.
I'm going to go to the windows machine and download the file.
So the file is going to be at HTTP ten 2014 213 Evil files GTR imagex.
I'm going to hit enter and we're going to save the file.
And as you can see we see a file that has an icon.
That's an image icon which has a preview of the image.
So it's very representative.
And if we double click this file and run it, you see that we get an image that corresponds to the icon.
But if we go to the Kali machine, you'll see that we got an interpreter session here.
And basically now we hacked into the target computer and we can do anything that we want there.
So just to confirm I'm going to do sysinfo.
And as you can see, now we're inside the target computer and we have full access to it.
We managed to do this with a file that has an icon of an image, and actually displayed an image to
the target person.
And like I said, this method can be used to combine our backdoor or evil file with any file that you
want, with an image, with a PDF, with a song, or anything that the target person is interested in.